and though doctors say the infestation
is likely permanent they're optimistic
that the human host will be able to live
a relatively normal life my thoughts and
prayers go out to miss Lohan in movie
news 2011 has turned out to be one of
the biggest years ever for superhero
movies and here with this exclusive
reviews of all four major releases this
year is our superhero correspondent
Superman Superman can you hear me how
many times do I have to tell you I can
hear everything super hearing anyway I'm
coming to you live from Papua New Guinea
another big emergency oh well thank you
for being with us have you had a chance
to see all four super her movies and and
can you give us your reviews yeah I sure
did they all sucked really well the boss
has been pretty good yeah will you asked
my opinion I'd let me break it down for
you first you had Thor okay he's a god
right and what do they do they
completely change it so that now he's an
alien who comes to earth with
superpowers hello remind you of anybody
I guess I can see your point I mean
everybody wants to be me i guess but
come on kenneth branagh i have an
original idea for just once in your life
okay well what about Green Lantern mmm
that looks pretty good are you being
serious okay here's the plot of Green
Lantern a group of aliens aliens again
protects the universe to the awesome
power of the color green lame now come
on be fair I mean more than fair also
who uses lanterns anymore anyway I mean
am i right get that guy a green maglite
or something huh very funny Superman I
know I am but seriously it's just
another unoriginal idea I mean I'm an
alien now I need a ring to kick
brainiacs ass okay well there are two
other major releases first there's x-men
first class who they'll wants to see a
bunch of snot-nosed kids whining about
how different they are because they've
got powers you know who's got two thumbs
and never whines about being awesome
this guy I am fan freaking amazing and I
love it yeah but x-men the visual
effects were incredible the stories from
bryan singer and we all know how he
jacked up my last movie
okay that is a good point all right what
about Captain America the First Avenger
you can't possibly have a problem with
that one Oh can't I who fights for truth
justice and the American Way me got
another blatant ripoff and he doesn't
even have superpowers what the hell kind
of superhero doesn't have superpowers
well he is a super soldier so he's fast
and he's super strong you know what I
just did here in Papa New Guinea I just
stopped a volcano not saved people from
stopped okay a volcano save thousands of
lives let's see crapton lame Erica do
that I see your point and you know what
the hell is going on between caps and
his sidekick Bucky Barnes seems kind of
want of me you know that may fly over in
France boys but keep your hands to
yourself when you get back here to the
States one what about you and Jimmy
Olsen hey you need Jimmy out of this all
right he's just going through a phase
right I'm done with this interview you
peace out bitches hey Superman says pass
on all superhero movies and he was kind
of a dick about it too hey I heard that
thank you very much supermen coming up
next something you're doing right now
could kill you we'll let you know what
it is after the break
really he was kind of a dick I mean I
can't say that I'm gonna get fined now
because I said that I meant to say he
was kind of a jerk Donald if you're
gonna yell at me I've been doing this
job for 35 years and I don't need any
guff from a superhero punk who thinks
he's got everything in the bulbs and I
could kick Superman yes Superman I can
hear you still yes sir no I could not
thank you all right all you have fun
with the volcano oh and we're back house
flies